# SAMJONES
A software designed online cement sales, transportation and distribution
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY @ Business Proposal on Cement Distribution Business in Nigeria.
This project is to establish a cement distribution outfit/business in Lekki, Lagos, Nigeria for A_Z Merchants Ltd. The purpose of this business proposal is to raise additional N5,000,000 for the establishment of the said Cement Distribution outlet. However, the major product to be marketed is the Dangote brand of cement. This business proposal which incorporates both the Business Plan and feasibility studies will show the expected financials and operations over the next three years.
As a matter of fact, the following reports and recommendations relate to the business plan and feasibility study to establish a cement distribution depot. This project will need a start-up capital of N9,000,000, which is required to finance both current and non-current assets.  A-Z Merchant Ltd has an authorized, fully issued and paid up share capital of N1,000,000.The directors have also decided to introduce further N3,000,000 venture capital to augment with the N5,000,000 to be borrowed.
Furthermore, A-Z Merchant Ltd vision is to become a household name in the distribution of Dangote cement in Lekki Lagos Nigeria. This project is envisaged to be situated in Lekki. This is in order to provide easily accessible cement to the multiple cement users situated in Lekki. In fact, the financial projections show that the project will be financially stable as it progresses.READ ALSO: Break-even  Point Analysis
By the end of the first year the expected net profit/ earnings from sales before tax is N11,276,000 while net profit/earning after tax is N9,020,800, giving a 100.2% returns on investment (ROI) and 225.5% return on Equity (ROE). It is also expected to grow by 20% in subsequent years. This is shown by the expected earnings for the second year which gives N14,423,500 profit before tax and N 11,538,800 profit after tax generating 128% ROI and 228.5% ROE respectively.

The Competition:
Furthermore, the competitive edge of the business is in its ability to penetrate into the market freely, and the use of marketing strategies that will promote rapid turnover.  However, it has in mind to establish two other depots in Lagos area within the next three years. This project is highly recommendable, because judging from the above profitable measures.  It shows that the project offers good investment benefits which is found technically feasible, financially viable and economically desirable
